Update runbook query for top tenants per ingester (#2124)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

2. **Check if shuffle-sharding shard size is correct**<br />

- When shuffle-sharding is enabled, we target up to 100K series / tenant / ingester assuming tenants on average use 50% of their max series limit.

> - Run the following **instant query** to find tenants that might cause higher pressure on ingesters. The query excludes tenants which are already sharded across all tenants:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following **instant query** to find tenants that might cause higher pressure on ingesters. The query excludes tenants which are already sharded across all ingesters:
```

  ```
  topk by (pod) (
    5, # top 5 users per ingester
    (
      sum by (user, pod) (
        cortex_ingester_memory_series_created_total{namespace="<namespace>"} - cortex_ingester_memory_series_removed_total{namespace="<namespace>"}
      )

>       > on (user) group_left() # show tenants that are exeeding 50% of their series limits added acorss ingesters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > on (user) group_left() # show tenants that are exceeding 50% of their series limits added across ingesters
```

      (
        max by(user) (cortex_limits_overrides{namespace="<namespace>",limit_name="max_global_series_per_user"})
        *
        scalar(max(cortex_distributor_replication_factor{namespace="<namespace>"}))
        *
        0.5
      )

>       > 200000

Reviewer: where does the `200k` come from? is the idea to make sure that only tenants that have a minimum size get shown?

Author: I took the 200k from the previous query, I think your understanding is correct
